In the last lectures I've called the Travel artisan make of commands to generate some views for logging
in and registration.
And now we are back to our own layout where we will implement those views ourselves.
Now that we know how we can use the already created logging and registration controller and authentication
middleware to specify which endpoints in which controllers should be protected.
So now let's just go back to the Visual Studio code and implement all of this ourselves.
So the first step that we need to do is to register the roots so we will have to go to the Web BHP file
and call that South roots method.
So that will register older routes that we need to show those forums and handle logging and registration.
So let's check now with BHP aunties on the route least and you can see that we have our authentication
routes at it now.
Since we had those views generated they were in this particular folder of slash register for example
for the registration form and have as I've said to use those code that we already have like this registers
users trade will have to create our templates in the same structure.
So let's go to our resources views folder and create a new folder called out and then create a new template
and call it register blade BHP.
So that's why we are calling it this way because we would like to use what is already written for us
like this show registration form action.
So it will expect that your template is called like this.
Now back to our template.
This would be a simple form and we would like to use our own layouts.
So we use that extends directive and extend our own layout and then we have to specify the content section
using the section and section directive and now inside this section directive we will simply add a form.
So this form would have the method post that action would be fetch the using the root function and the
root is register.
So let's close the form now this route can be found inside our route list.
So as you can see that's this route but we are getting it with that post method.
So this one is responsible for actually registering our users so this is this one and it expects certain
fields to be sent to it and the validation for those fields as we remember is specified inside the register
controller validate or method.
So we need those fields the name email and password.
So let's go back to our form.
So as with every other forum we are the CSA ref directive to prevent anyone from making cross site requests
for jury attacks and then we'll add a couple of fields inside that diff element.
So each of those elements will have a forum group class the bootstrap one they all need a label and
all of them would need an input with a name.
Some of them will have a value so in case the validation failed it will have the old name.
They are all required.
So we can add this a required HDMI all five validation to just prevent sending the form without the
fields bank field because well let's save on the backend processing time if we can immediately check
that we require that field and they are not sent and all of those fields will require this bootstrap
form control class
so we will need four of those fields.
So let's just copy this four times now.
The first one would be the user name so user name.
Then we have some idea that this actually a name.
So the name that will be displayed for the user.
Secondly is the e-mail for these the password.
And fourth is the read typed password as we expect users to type them twice.
So we have to use those names inside that input names because that's how their register of control works.
It expects certain data to be sent.
Now the fourth third one is password.
And the fourth one would be password underscore confirmation.
So why we are doing this why we are calling it confirmation is because we have this confirmed the validator.
Let's go back to see where it is specified.
It is here for the password confirmed.
So how this works is when you have a field that has this validation that will confirm to you need to
add another field which would be called the same as the field plus underscore confirmation.
So in case of the password you need a matching field password underscore confirmation.
And the data the content of the bit of it needs to be the same as the original field.
So this is how this confirmed validator works.
Now back to our forum.
So in those two cases with name and email we can use the old helper.
So in case the data submitted would be invalid will display it again for the user to fix all the other
fields that were incorrect.
But we'll do not do that only with the name and email because we do not want to keep the passwords when
they are invalid.
So we would like this to be reset and the final thing that we need for this form is that button.
So we specify button of type submit and let's do it the same way we did it with the form for adding
and editing blog posts.
So this would be Button Button primary and button block so it takes the whole screen and this button
will have the label register
OK.
So we have our forum and now let's go to our application and visit manually that slash register.
So it is there it should be working.
So let's try to provide some values that would be invalid.
And it actually sends them to the registered controller.
So if they would be valid we would be registered right now.
But since we provided some invalid values it failed the validation but we do not display any validation
errors yet.
And in the next lecture you will see how you can display more specific and elegant validation errors
for your forms.